Refactor package for unified data and device API (#5)
harp-tech/pyharp: docs/examples/read_data_to_dataframe/read_data_to_dataframe.md

# Reading Data into a DataFrame

This example demonstrates how to load a Harp register's binary data file into a

> pandas DataFrame using `harp.data`. The register definition tells `read_dataframe`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pandas DataFrame using `harp.data`. The register definition tells `parse_to_dataframe`
```
